# Methodology 5 Assignment
## Info: 
Name: Priscilla Hui <br>
Email: pyhui@ucsd.edu <br>
Section: Blockchain - Nolan Sheffield (A18)

## Questions:
**What is the most interesting topic covered in your domain this quarter?** <br>
  The most interesting thing that was covered in my domain this quarter is learning how smart contracts actually function. My understanding of smart contracts in the beginning stages of the project was very abstract, and because of that, it was a little difficult to fully understand how they work. It wasn't until we practiced by running and publishing a smart contract using Remix and Metamask that I started to grasp how smart contracts function in the real world. Playing with example smart contracts was interesting to me as someone who is new to Blockchain, and useful as I start the process of coding for my project. This really showed me the use of technology to create a trustless and reliable way to validate and execute transactions, which I think is extremely interesting. <br>
**Describe a potential investigation you would like to pursue for your Quarter 2 Project.** <br>
  A potential investigation I would like to pursue for my Quarter 2 Project is to look into the legal implications of the smart contract. This is important because if the smart contract breaches any laws, this could lead to legal issues, undermining the smart contract. Therefore, I wouuld spend ample time to investigate and research the legal rules of smart contracts and make sure the contract complies with the rules. <br>
**What is a potential change you’d make to the approach taken in your current Quarter 1 Project?** <br>
  A potential change I would make to the approach in my Quart 1 Project is to include a portion that allows my smart contract to handle edge cases or unforeseen issues. For example, if a customer fails to verify a transaction within a given time frame, how will the smart contract handle the situation? Another edge case could include if a network encounters too much traffic, or if users try to hack the system. For the Quarter 2 project, I plan to make sure my smart contract is able to handle all these edge cases ad have fallback mechanisms to be a robust smart contract.<br> 
**What other techniques would you be interested in using in your project?** <br>
  Some techniques I would be interested in using in my project is the ability for my smart contract to have a complex and robust user authentication techniques. This would ensure that users are who they say they are, and also creates a more trustless environment for the smart contract. Not only will this make a more robust smart contract, but it would also make users feel more comfortable using the reliable smart contract. Another technique I would be interested in implementing in my project is multi-signature wallets. This means that there would be multiple points of signatures, or verfications, to authorize and execute a transaction. By distributing the ownership and control of the wallet across multiple keys, it adds a layer of security and trust to the smart contract process. Even if one key fails, an attacker cannot access the funds without more authorized signatures. I would be interested in adding this to my project to make my smart contract more secure and reliable for users. <br>
